Bring people in.
Teach me to forgive you today.
Now, both Wang and Liang Duy support me.
You blame me.
It has nothing to do with me.
I'm begging you.
For our benefit for a while.
Please let me go.
Haha, did you hear that?
Wang Yan, what else do you want to say now?
I'm just here to have fun.
I ran into a press conference.
I didn't expect to see such a good play.
It was unbearable before this trip.
Later before we talk?
Use your head.
Think carefully and open your mouth.
Don't be intimidated, just bite indiscriminately.
Your Majesty, I am the first accuser.
In public, dare to threaten Wang Xuyen's politics.
You really think no one can control you, do you?
Yang Dang, he can't stand, he was brought here by you.
Who can't see here?
Oh, that's right, that's right, that's right.
10,000 steps back.
You said you didn t threaten him, who here doesn t know Yang Dou is your ex-girlfriend?
Do you think you two old lovers secretly conspired to sing my framed spring?
Who am I going to talk to?
Yeah, I'll see.
This is the fact that they are jealous of Wang Shao s annexation of the Qin family.
He was the head of the four families.
They're playing a little game here.
He wanted to drag Wang into the water.
That's right, who doesn't know that Wang Shao is a famous philanthropist in the country.
Annual contribution
I can't believe he did this.
We don't trust the normal crowd.
So today I will let you completely give up.